Maybe Li Jia was completed in a thousand years
Even the South City Lord was helpless
Your lives are tied today
Who dares to refuse me to kill him?
As expected of the pearl in the palm of the South City Lord
It seems today
Miss Nanjing University's face is for you
Count you
Let's go wait a minute
May I help you?
Miss Nanjing University misunderstood
I only promise you to keep them alive
I didn't tell them how to live
Let this canary
Is living in my son also living?
As for this useless bitch
Serve Mr. Li well
Happy mood
Give you a bone to eat
As for this sword flap
Still going in
Just leave it to me to deal with, brother
Today's event, sir
I will use your house to pay it back up and down
Hmph, I'm trying to figure out what to do with you.
That's what I said
You kill and eat
You kill
With me, who dares?
Fear like a playful dog
What a mighty
Oh, if you would stay with me for a month
I could leave this crap alone
You are presumptuous to say this to me
This man will torture him every day
Do you welcome Miss to come to my clothes anytime?
Hahahaha
Xiaojin, who dares to touch him?
Step over my corpse first
Oh, you can learn to act tough with this ability